Update MariaDB guide (#4340)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/_partials/installation/manual_installation/mariadb.adoc

[NOTE]
====
For MariaDB server releases lower than 10.4.3, you will be prompted during the installation to create a root password. Be sure to remember your password, as you will need it during the ownCloud database setup.
====

> To install an ownCloud database, you need an administrative user who can login, has rights to create/modify databases and users. If this user does not exist like on MariaDB server releases higher than 10.4.3 or if you want to create a temporary user for this task, you manually have to create one. You will be asked for the mysql root users password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install an ownCloud database, you need an administrative user who can log in, has rights to create/modify databases and users. If this user does not exist, like on MariaDB server releases higher than 10.4.3, or if you want to create a temporary user for this task, you manually have to create one. You will be asked for the mysql root user's password:
```

[NOTE]
====

> From MariaDB 10.4.3 onwards, the authentication method has changed to UNIX sockets. For details, please refer to: {auth-unix-socket-url}[MariaDB: Authentication Plugin - Unix Socket]. The unix_socket authentication plugin allows the user to use operating system credentials when connecting to MariaDB via a local UNIX socket. Follow the procedure below to create an admin user for non-socket login, giving ownCloud access to create it's database respectively for phpMyAdmin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From MariaDB 10.4.3 onwards, the authentication method has changed to UNIX sockets. For details, please refer to: {auth-unix-socket-url}[MariaDB: Authentication Plugin - Unix Socket]. The unix_socket authentication plugin allows the user to use operating system credentials when connecting to MariaDB via a local UNIX socket. Follow the procedure below to create an admin user for non-socket login, giving ownCloud access to create its database for phpMyAdmin.
```

sudo apt install phpmyadmin
----

> Post installing, you need to configure your Web Server to access `phpmyadmin`. This is a manual task, dependent how your setup looks like and not part of this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation, you need to configure your web server to access `phpmyadmin`. This is a manual task, depending on how your setup looks like and is not part of this documentation.
```
